
=== Reviews for Barbie ===
Review 1: Margot does the best with what she's given, but this film was very disappointing to me. It was marketed as a fun, quirky satire with homages to other movies. It started that way, but ended with over-dramatized speeches and an ending that clearly tried to make the audience feel something, but left everyone just feeling confused. And before you say I'm a crotchety old man, I'm a woman in my 20s, so I'm pretty sure I'm this movie's target audience. The saddest part is there were parents with their kids in the theater that were victims of the poor marketing, because this is not a kid's movie. Overall, the humor was fun on occasion and the film is beautiful to look at, but the whole concept falls apart in the second half of the film and becomes a pity party for the "strong" woman.
Review 2: I do not usually write reviews, but this is beyond description. Last time I wrote a review it was for the absolutely horrible wrinkle in time. This is almost as bad. At least Gosling plays his part well, but the story is abysmal. If you can find anything else to do like watch paint dry, then yes please do. You will save your brain cells the agony of a painful slow ..... nearly two hours long this was mind-numbing storytelling at its mediocre worst. How many ways can I say do not go see it if you have a choice. See anything else but this exercise in horrendous cliches and exaggerated self-importance. If I could give it negative 10 stars I would.
Review 3: Seeing a lot of reviews saying that this movie is preachy, the men are portrayed as idiots, etc. It's a SATIRE. It is meant to be over the top. And yes, it has a lot to say. But the fact that some people in the audience (and I'd wager some of the negative reviews are from people who didn't bother to watch the movie) don't want to hear it, doesn't make it any less valid.In Barbieland, Ken is just an accessory to Barbie and is portrayed as nothing more than an object - something women in the real world deal with all the time. The fact that so many men are reacting so negatively to this movie tells me they don't like being treated the way that women are treated every day. And that is the point of the movie - yet it has much more to say than that. Ultimately, the message in Barbie isn't that "women rule and men drool" - it's that patriarchy ultimately harms both men and women. And that's true. So people who say this movie is anti-men are missing the entire point. Patriarchy may give men privilege but it ultimately hurts them, too - pressuring them to conform to a rigid idea of manhood and silencing their self-expression.I am living for the fact that this movie is unapologetic about showing the absurdity of it all. I would have given it a 10 if it weren't for the cringe worthy Ken dance number. It was the only weak part of the movie. But otherwise, Bravo!
Review 4: The quality, the humor, and the writing of the movie is fun for a while. It's quirky and it's unique. When they get into the weeds and try to explore deeper themes, the movie is a miss. The middle expositional phase of the movie, I must say, is a bore.The movie was so close to being great, but it was incapable of delivering a message without having a character literally give a speech worth of dialogue.What could have been a great satire and what began as a cleverly funny movie turned into a preachy and moralizing movie in the end. But I guess the charm of the first half of the movie made up for the shortcomings.
Review 5: I walked out of the theatre thinking, "Yeah, I had a good time in that movie". But as the day went on I kind had that "Ok, that kebab probably wasn't a good idea."The film is stunning in its production design and creativity, and Margot Robbie is perfectly cast as the Stereotypical Barbie. For the most part, the songs are catchy and performances are solid for the type of characters being portraying.When we strip away the outside world and all the messaging, Barbie and Ken have a few poignant moments - Barbie realising she's not as perfect as she's been made to believe, or when Ken receives his first modicum of acknowledgement of being a sentient being he's ever had in his life. They also share a couple learning and growth moments which I thought would pay off at the end of the film.I don't know why, but I was hoping for something that would actually enlighten its audience, to acknowledge that things are a mess and make intentional and meaningful steps to get us closer to understanding and equality. The Barbie brand, history, controversies are so engrained in our culture that this movie had a potential to change our perspective of the world, and what the future could be. That's a lot of pressure for one film, I know.However... this film is absolutely not immune to the not-so-subtle messaging that has permeated all forms of media and entertainment recently. In fact, it embraces is. So much so that you have a scene where a man walks up behind Barbie and slaps her on the backside, in broad daylight, in a crowded space, in front of her boyfriend.... And this kind of portrayal of men in 2023 appears to be how the film views the world.Maybe it was this kind of overt comical depiction of men and the world generally that allowed me to get through the movie and kind of enjoy it, but upon reflection, I realise now it's just kind of... yuck.Barbie had the rare opportunity to be a film experience that not only highlighted issues in the real world, but offer and foster some ideas for change. Instead, we receive divisive and mean-spirited attack on half the human population as well as anyone who thinking having a family is an acceptable path in life. And also flat feet and cellulite.If you kind of switch off your brain for an hour and a bit, and don't take this film too seriously, then maybe you'll have a lasting positive memory after seeing this movie.But if you need to do that to enjoy something, then you need to ask yourself: why?
Review 6: This is a movie that was way overhyped. Everyone kept saying it was so amazing, but when I finally go to watch it, it was not at all what I thought it was going to be. The storyline was not good. It was a basic and corny storyline, in my opinion.I didn't care for how they portrayed Ken. Ryan Gosling is an amazing actor, but he is not a good representation of Ken when it comes to how he looks and how the actual Ken doll looks. The way he acted as Ken was not that good either, but he didn't get much help from the writers for the way they wrote his part. The movie had so much potential, but was definitely a let down. One positive is that it had some funny parts, but it could of been written much better and could of had a much better storyline!!
Review 7: Way too obvious for my taste (or entertainment), Greta Gerwig's "Barbie" certainly makes her point about female empowerment, in sledgehammer fashion. Early on, all I could think of were those Captain Obvious TV commercials, amusing in spite of and because of their blatant self-parody.Overproduced as a Hollywood blockbuster hurts a lot, right from the hundredth Kubrick "2001" parody to start and then the Busby Berkeley ripoff musical number. And for me, as well as thematically, Ken's character could have usefully been a cameo proportional in screen time to the dozens of supporting Barbie roles -his singing and production number belonged on the cutting room floor.I don't care how many harmless jabs at Mattel were included in the final screenplay, the whole thing is still a marketing ploy.
Review 8: It pains me to say it, but I enjoyed this movie so much more then I was expecting to, musical numbers, humour, there truly is something for the whole family yo enjoy.Bright, garish and somewhat kitsch, those were my expectations, and sure it's a veritable cornucopia of glitter and rainbows, but what I wasn't expecting, was for the film to be so engaging, there's actually some real depth that I wasn't expecting. That opening introduction, that came as a major surprise, and pretty much set the tone.Of course there are plenty of double entendres, laughs that adults will enjoy, kids will no doubt chuckle away too.I'm pretty sure this film is going to win awards for its production, it's very well made, creative design and visuals, a lot of thought has gone into this. Greta Gerwig did a great job.Margot Robbie is glorious as Barbie, Ryan Gosling was great I thought. The pair shared some terrific scenes, real chemistry, and plenty of cutting one liners.Great use of music, everything fitted into the film so well.8/10.
Review 9: The film's universe and settings are fantastic. The casting is really good too, with Gosling excelling in the role of Ken.Regrettably, however, the film completely misses the chance to appeal to people who grew up with Barbie. Instead, we're left with a film that almost divides and pits men against women, in an attempt to make it a feminist and political film.Instead of seeing a light, fun film, I saw a rather heavy-handed movie whose storyline is centered around patriarchy.It's a real shame, because the film's potential is pretty amazing. I came away disappointed, but not totally disgusted either.
Review 10: Wow. I did not see this masterpiece coming. And that's not a joke. Somehow, Greta Gerwig took Barbie, and made a movie that tackles some really tough social issues....well? It's crazy. But wow, does it work. The story is very mature, thinker of a plot. Once you're done laughing your butt off, you'll get really emotional. The production design is so on point. The whole movie is pink everything, but it's never polarizing. All the shades melt together in a very pleasing way. And of course the cast! Margot Robbie was born to play Barbie, and she hits a home run, but Ryan Gosling. This dude rocks as Ken. He knocked it all the way around the world and hit himself in the back of the head. He steals every scene he's in, and I would be so on board with a Ken spin-off. America Ferrara and Simu Liu are also great in their respective roles, but the cast overall is just perfect. Overall, Barbie is probably the best movie based off a toy (sorry LEGO Movies) and an overall fantastic time at the movies.
Review 11: Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling are really great in their roles of Barbie and Kent. Gosling is specially hilarious. I expected a funny, cool, deep and entertaining movie, but I was highly disappointed. The movie is so terribly preachy that ends being an embarrassment. We (the audience) have brains, so, please, preach somewhere else. Furthermore, this is a movie to divide, not to unite. And I'm a woman. The script of the movie is horrendous and the direction is plain bad. There are some great actresses that have too little to say, like Emma Mackey, and that's a pity. Overall: a huge disappointment and a missed opportunity. 3/10 (1 point for Margot Robbie, 1 point for Ryan Gosling, and 1 point for the art direction (super tacky and pinky, as Barbie's world).
Review 12: This is very much a movie that will get devided opinions on it, my cousin said well this is two hours of my life i will never get back, and me? I left the theatre in such a good mood. It was the sense of humor for me, laughed so hard. Specially Ryan Gossling was sooooo good and funny, many familiar faces to spot also. And margot robbie come on... the perfect casting for Barbie. I also have to say, the way they created Barbie land was so amazing, it just makes you just want to there. I don't really have anything bad to say about this movie. I can understand not everyone will love it. But i am sure it is a iconic film already.
Review 13: While the production value, cinematography and acting were what you would expect from Margo Robbie and the supporting cast. I felt the movie fell short of not preaching to me and spreading a message of division rather than unity. Men and women cannot survive without each other but you'd never know it watching this movie. And me having my 13 year old daughter with me almost caused me to walk out of the theater. I kept on waiting for the writers to hit the direction of unity but it never came. After the movie my daughter brought up the message to me saying how she even noticed the weird agenda they're trying to push and said that is not a movie for the easily impressionable. Come to find out my daughter is better suited to take on the world that I thought she was. Proud day for me as a father.
Review 14: Margot Robbie's performance is perfect, and no other actor could've embodied the character as well as she does. However, Ryan Gosling is the film-stealer. I often forget his comedic talent, and he's given a lot of room to flex it in this. A cleverly executed Matchbox Twenty joke is particularly memorable.While cynics and perhaps realists will argue that the film is primarily a marketing vehicle to sell Barbie dolls, it does attempt to carry a moral message. However, the commercial aspect of the movie undercuts the credibility of this message somewhat.The movie starts off well, being smartly self-aware and offering a tongue-in-cheek critique of itself with many winks to the audience. However, as it progresses, the commentary on feminism and the patriarchy becomes heavy-handed, especially in the dialogue-heavy third act, which weighs down the overall narrative.The set and wardrobe designs are a standout. I think kids will love this part alone, even if some of the humor and social commentary will go over their heads.Overall, it's a fun film but not without its flaws. It's likely to spark discussion due to its blunt societal commentary. If you're looking for a visually impressive movie to entertain the kids, and you're willing to enjoy it without analyzing its message too deeply, then it's an enjoyable watch.
Review 15: 8.5/10
While i'm not so sure at first, the movie kept getting even more fun, entertaining, and definitely better, also surprisingly deal with a legit serious stuff, Barbie is a weirdly fun movie that fills with this very interesting concept, definitely the first time that's ever done, Greta Gerwig has created this whole new style of filmmaking specifically for Barbie, from the intentionally weird yet creative editing, some awkward and cringe scene, i found the comedy so funny instead of cringe, Barbie is one of the most original movie of the year and also one of the most original movie i've seen in a while, we all know Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling is gonna carry the movie and they are, but Will Ferrell, Simu Liu, and the whole rest of the cast were also great and entertaining, the soundtrack was just great, except Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice "Barbie World" song that are just absolutely terrible, but Billie Eilish "What Was I Made For?" tune that kept haunting in the background until it finally get the perfect scene to played it was really the best thing because that song was just beautiful and emotional, anyway, Barbie is a lot of fun, while there is still some noticeable flawed, most of them i found it funny, entertaining, colourful, creative, and fun, pure fun, it's something that i probably will love it even more the second time i see it, but as of right now, Barbie was a good time, definitely recommended and with this movie somehow it's actually possible to have a live-action Barbie movie, all you need to have is a good writer, good director, and good cast, and they delivers mostly.

=== Reviews for Oppenheimer ===
Review 1: You'll have to have your wits about you and your brain fully switched on watching Oppenheimer as it could easily get away from a nonattentive viewer. This is intelligent filmmaking which shows it's audience great respect. It fires dialogue packed with information at a relentless pace and jumps to very different times in Oppenheimer's life continuously through it's 3 hour runtime. There are visual clues to guide the viewer through these times but again you'll have to get to grips with these quite quickly. This relentlessness helps to express the urgency with which the US attacked it's chase for the atomic bomb before Germany could do the same. An absolute career best performance from (the consistenly brilliant) Cillian Murphy anchors the film. This is a nailed on Oscar performance. In fact the whole cast are fantastic (apart maybe for the sometimes overwrought Emily Blunt performance). RDJ is also particularly brilliant in a return to proper acting after his decade or so of calling it in. The screenplay is dense and layered (I'd say it was a thick as a Bible), cinematography is quite stark and spare for the most part but imbued with rich, lucious colour in moments (especially scenes with Florence Pugh), the score is beautiful at times but mostly anxious and oppressive, adding to the relentless pacing. The 3 hour runtime flies by. All in all I found it an intense, taxing but highly rewarding watch. This is film making at it finest. A really great watch.
Review 2: I'm a big fan of Nolan's work so was really looking forward to this. I understood there would be some flipping in timelines and I'd need to concentrate. I didn't find this to be a problem at all and the storytelling was beautifully done. The acting was universally excellent. I saw a review saying Emily Blunt was rather OTT but I didn't find that at all.I think my biggest gripe with the film may mean that I'm just getting old. I found the direction quite jarring with jump cuts galore. While it did keep things moving along apace, it was all rather exhausting. I also found the music and sound very very loud to the point of intrusion. Much like other Nolan films as it goes: Interstellar that I love, also had *very* loud music.All in all this is a quality watch. It just left me longing for the days when so called 'cerebral' biopics, were a little more tranquil.
Review 3: I'm still collecting my thoughts after experiencing this film, Cillian Murphy might as well start clearing a space on his mantle for the Best Actor Oscar.This film is a masterclass in weaving narratives and different time periods while exploring the profound depths of a man whose actions altered the world's trajectory forever, for better or worse. Nolan brings us into the complexities of Oppenheimer, and all the moral conflicts stirring within him.Murphy's portrayal is so riveting that the long run-time became an afterthought. Robert Downey Jr also offers a great performance and Nolan's push and pull with how he uses sound design throughout is the cherry on top.Some viewers might need a brief refresher on WWII and Cold War history, but any film lover should be happy to willingly lose themselves in this film for hours on end.
Review 4: "Oppenheimer" is a biographical thriller film written and directed by Christopher Nolan ("The Dark Knight trilogy", "Inception", "Interstellar", "Dunkirk"), based on the biography "American Prometheus" by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin. Starring Cillian Murphy in the lead role, in addition to Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr, Emily Blunt, and Florence Pugh, it subverts the usual biopic formula to create a brilliantly layered examination of a man throughout all of his incredible accomplishments and fundamental flaws.During the height of the Second World War, theoretical physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer (Cillian Murphy) is recruited by the United States government to oversee the "Manhattan Project", a top secret operation intended to develop the world's first nuclear weapons. After becoming acquainted with the project's director Major General Leslie Groves (Matt Damon), Oppenheimer and the General come to an agreement that the best place to carry out such an undertaking is the vast desert of Los Alamos, New Mexico. As numerous other scientists and their families are brought in to this discreet location, Oppenheimer works tirelessly around the clock to build this weapon of mass destruction before the Nazis can devise their own. With the War raging and personal troubles mounting, Oppenheimer continues to push himself to his utmost limits, but soon suffers the consequences of his dedication.On August 6th, 1945, the atomic bomb "Little Boy" was dropped on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, making it the first time a nuclear weapon was used in an act of war. The dropping of this bomb and "Fat Man" in Nagasaki three days later was what essentially brought an end to World War II, and with it, began a frightening new era known as the "Atomic Age". To this day, it remains a contentious topic of discussion among many as to whether the ethical ramifications of these bombings are justified by what subsequently resulted from it. The one man whom most people pin all the blame on is J. Robert Oppenheimer, whose key role in the development of these weapons led to him being credited as "the father of the atomic bomb", a label which he carried as a heavy burden for the rest of his life. In Christopher Nolan's biopic "Oppenheimer", we are treated to an intricately structured and uniquely tragic analysis of this complex man's legacy and how it still affects everyone several decades later.In true Christopher Nolan fashion, the story is not told as a conventional biopic but rather as a fragmented, non-sequential series of highlights pertaining to the title subject's life. When we are first introduced to J. Robert Oppenheimer, we see that he is an incredibly intelligent man whose sheer commitment to his craft earns him the utmost respect of many of his peers, even as a young student. However, almost immediately after, the film cuts to him on trial for allegedly having ties to communism, an accusation which threatens to completely derail the positive reputation bestowed upon him. As the judicial committee interrogates him with hard hitting questions, Oppenheimer is haunted by the errors of his own judgement, shown to the audience through flashbacks of varying length to pivotal times in his life. These scenes range from his fractured relationship with his wife to the remorse he has for placing his trust in the wrong people. This gives the viewer a first person perspective of what Oppenheimer's mind must have been processing during this intense period of his life, as he contemplates the very real possibility of having all of his hard work mitigated by these powerful government officials. It's hard to imagine any other director trying to convey so much information to their audience in such a fashion, but Nolan manages to work his magic in the best way possible, always striking the perfect balance of showcasing the triumphant rise and tragic fall of an imperfect man.Another notable thing about Nolan's direction is his resourcefulness in the way he handles certain important scenes. One moment, which I won't speak about in too much detail, literally had me on the edge of my seat as we watch Oppenheimer and the rest of the scientists test out the prototype bombs with each explosion proving to be bigger than the last. Since Nolan has been vocal about his dislike of using CGI in his movies, he instead opts for more practical methods of showing the increasing power of these bombs. By reminding the audience that the Nazis could very well be working on their own weapon of mass destruction, there is a real sense of urgency flowing throughout these scenes, giving the scientists all the more reason to work even faster to beat the enemy at their own game. As each bomb explodes, it can be likened to a ticking clock, with each blast representing progression towards the end goal of perfecting the ultimate weapon. The creative use of editing during these scenes keeps things moving at a brisk pace, something especially necessary considering the film's three hour runtime. Nolan previously exhibited a similar method in 2017's "Dunkirk", which utilised the film's score in a clever way to show the audience how time is truly of the essence. Once again, Nolan has found a clever way around taking the easy route of using CG effects to tell a story, and keeps viewers on their toes by use of good old fashioned directorial proficiency.For what can only be described as the performance of his career, Cillian Murphy brings everything necessary to the role of J. Robert Oppenheimer, a man so complex that I can't imagine the amount of pressure there was to play him this effectively. The combined efforts of both Murphy's acting and Nolan's direction help make Oppenheimer one of the most fascinating individuals of the 20th century. This is not a man who can be viewed simply at face value, as there are so many layers to his character that it bears an in-depth exploration that only a movie like this can accomplish. The film paints Oppenheimer as neither a hero nor a villain, but rather a complicated man whose human qualities undermine what he will be remembered for in the history books. Murphy approaches him like that of a Shakespearian figure, rife with flaws, haughtiness, and a sense of hubris that ends up sealing his inevitable fate. One scene may have you admiring his remarkable talents in the field of nuclear physics while another might cause you to hate him for his unfaithfulness to his family. He can be viewed simultaneously as a martyr and a scapegoat for the way in which he helped bring an end to the deadliest global conflict in history, while consequently ushering in something even worse.The rest of the film's cast all did a fantastic job as well, with the standouts being Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr, Emily Blunt, and Florence Pugh. Damon's take on Major General Leslie Groves is more than simply that of a stock military character but rather an important figure who seizes the opportunity to use Oppenheimer's talents to his advantage. We watch as Groves forms an unlikely alliance with the physicist, often questioning the ramifications of the theoretical nature in experimenting with nuclear power. Groves's ignorance to Oppenheimer's extensive scientific knowledge allows the audience to learn along with him when it is explained in basic detail. To that effect, he provides an important third party perspective to Oppenheimer's achievements.It's also great to see Robert Downey Jr shine as Lewis Strauss, which is not only his best post-MCU role but one of his best roles in general. Strauss is a man who is not viewed favourably by history due to his role in exposing Oppenheimer's ties to communism. He holds such a grudge against Oppenheimer that you can practically consider him the true villain of this story. Downey takes every opportunity to show Strauss's two-faced nature, biding his time for the right moment to strip Oppenheimer from the record books and damage his reputation. Reportedly, Downey considers this his best role to date, and it definitely seems like he is putting everything he has into his performance.Emily Blunt and Florence Pugh also contributed significantly as Kitty Oppenheimer and Jean Tatlock, respectively. Each of these two women represent something significant in Oppenheimer's life, with Kitty being who he should be with and Jean being who he personally wants to be with. This draws parallels to that of Oppenheimer choosing between acting on instinct or acting on intellect when assisting in the construction of the bomb, which again reminds the audience of his flawed human qualities. It can be difficult to give up following your heart but when the fate of the world rests on your pragmatic decision making, sometimes you have no other choice.As a biopic and a Christopher Nolan film, "Oppenheimer" exceeds virtually all expectations to become one of the very best in both fields. There are few films that are able to tackle such subject matter in this much detail while also remaining entertaining the whole way through. I guess sometimes all it takes is one brave, risk-taking filmmaker to prove that this really is a possible task. We need more films like this to inspire thoughtful, creative discussion and it is comforting to know that someone like Nolan is here to help keep them in the mainstream. After all, it's a tough job, but someone's got to do it for us.I rate it a perfect 10/10.
Review 5: Is it just me or did anyone else find this movie... I hate to say it... boring?. I know I know it's a piece of history and don't get me wrong it was a good movie but idk, going in the theater expecting something "Nolanesque" and it never came so I was kind of a disappointed. I was super excited going in the theater and leaving I was like ,yeah it was good buuuuttt. I guess I was expecting something like inception and or interstellar but those are fictional and I get that this is based off of a true story . I think everyone should watch this movie once and it was very eye opening but I won't ever endure the painful 3 hour movie experience again . It's a one and done movie and I do respect Oppenheimer. Extremely good acting with a boatload of good actors . I also do want to say that there was nothing very IMAX about the movie so you could go to a regular theater and be just fine . Also Emily Blunts ending scene was amazing . All in all I would go as far as to say it's the most boring Christopher Nolan movie but it is a very good movie let's leave it at that . I still give the movie an 8.
Review 6: I may consider myself lucky to be alive to watch Christopher Nolan Works which get better by years.Oppenheimer is - with no doubt- going to be one of the best movies in the history. Amazing cinematography, Exceptional acting and terrifying Soundtracks.All the cast are great from cilian Murphy who is going for the oscar with this role to Rupert Downey jr and Emily blunt and finally rami malik who has small scenes but you will never forget them.I didn't watch it in Imax as i couldn't wait and ran to the nearest cinema but now i will sure book an imax ticket.Don't waste any time, book your ticket and Go watch it.. NOW.
Review 7: This movie is just... wow! I don't think I have ever felt like this watching a movie! Its like a blend of being sad but also scared! I read that Christopher Nolan said it kind of had themes of horror, and watching the movie i think I knew what he meant! Very few movies can make you feel quite like this one can!Nolan once again shows he is an expertly craftsman in filmmaking! This stands as perhaps one of his more humble movies but also one of his greatest! Reminds me of his earlier movies!The cast is also AMAZING with Cillian Murphy delivering the performance of his carrer as Oppenheimer, esentially becoming him, and pretty much securing himself an Oscar nomination for best lead actor! Robert Downey Junior also gives one of his best performances, reminding us all that despite 10 years as Iron man, he can still act!The soundtrack, sound and editing is also masterfull and further creates a cinematic experience like no other!Overall an esential viewing experience about historic events that still remains very relevant to this day! One of my favorite Nolan movies!
Review 8: After a busy career filled with masterpieces, Christopher Nolan finally succeeded in creating a perfect film. In fact, Oppenheimer might be the best film I watched in a long, long time.Very different than Nolan's recent films, especially the Sci-Fi ones, but shows that Nolan can master the Biopic/Drama genre just as well as he can any other genre he tried to tackle yet. Personally, I must admit that unlike most of Nolan's previous films, I didn't go into this one with overly high expectations. Based on the genre and material the film is based on, I couldn't see how Christopher Nolan could give it his unique touch, and how it could stand alongside films like "The Dark Knight" trilogy, "Inception," and "Interstellar" in his filmography. The film proved me wrong. While it's not my personal top pick in Nolan's filmography, it's undoubtedly his best film so far.Anyone who has read the book "American Prometheus" on which the film is based, can attest to the incredible editing work Nolan did to turn it from a long and detail-packed narrative into a compact film that captivated such a wide audience. While the direction of the film is no less than masterful and is considered the strongest aspect of the film by critics and award bodies in the US and worldwide, in my opinion, the writing is actually the strongest aspect of the film - whether or not you consider the complex material it's based on.Legendary Irish actor Cillian Murphy leads the film with one of the best performances seen on the big screen, with his presence dominating the screen time throughout the film's 3 hours, allowing him to leave a long-lasting mark on the history of cinema. Robert Downey Jr. Also gives an impressive performance, capping off a career of over a decade of roles that didn't demand too much acting prowess from him.The film is 3-hours long yet goes by very quickly and enjoyably. Without spoiling anything, the film presents important and very relevant subjects, and doing so while being non-stop entertainment and a comprehensive character study and a study of our society on a very high pace.The way Nolan chose to compose the film, and Jennifer Lame's amazing editing (which unusually resembles more of an action film's editing than that of a drama), make the film very dynamic, with its extended length almost unnoticeable. The other technical aspects also strive for perfection - whether it's the costumes, set design, or cinematography.Ludwig Göransson's work in the musical aspect of the film in particular is masterful, on par with Nolan's previous works. I'm actually visiting the score on a daily basis. The cinematography is stunning and the editing is cutting edge. As I mentioned, this movie is a masterpiece in pretty much all technical fronts as well.When watching the film, you can't help but feel it's a collaborative effort of a highly talented ensemble - from the actors to every single person responsible for every small detail in the film's production, all under the guidance of an experienced artist who has honed his craft over a career of more than 20 years. It feels like all of Nolan's previous films and the various genres he attempted to tackle improved his filmmaking abilities in different and diverse aspects, so that ultimately everything converged into this film, in which every aspect strives for absolute perfection, delivering everything we've come to expect from a Christopher Nolan film.Without mentioning anything specific, there was one scene that caused almost every single person in the theatre to move nervously in the seats, non-stop for a long period of time, being one of the most intense scenes I ever watched in a movie and reminding me of the true power of the cinematic experience like no other movie did in recent years.After a career filled with masterpieces and amazing films, Christopher Nolan finally managed to craft a perfect film - and to my great delight, he finally received the recognition he deserves. Despite all odds, the film managed to captivate audiences in disproportionate amounts for its genre, proving to studios and audience opinion alike that true cinema will always prevail. The year is only half-way through but right now this is my top pick for the upcoming awards season. Picture, Writing, Directing, Acting, Score-- Oppenheimer is a winner on all fronts. A rare feat for filmmaking and a salient reminder that cinema is not dead.I highly recommend this film to everyone. Watched it once already, and going back to the theatre for at least a few more times soon.
Review 9: This must be the most overrated film of the year.Like every other typical American biographical movie, it glorifies its subject. According to Nolan, Oppenheimer is the most important person who ever lived. Really?The movie contains at least 1.5 hours of uninteresting courtroom drama.There are far too many characters.Not a single compelling dialogue about the moral impact of the bomb.The continuous music propels the film, but as a result there is zero emotional impact when needed.Excellent acting by all, though, and occasional nice directorial effects.Most ridiculous moment of the film: While having sex with Oppenheimer, Florence Pughs character randomly selects a sentence in a book in Sanskrit which just happens to be the infamous "Now I Am Become Death, the Destroyer of Worlds" quote.
Review 10: I align with other reviewers here who have found this. Despite the hype surrounding it, Oppenheimer fell short of expectations. The film proved to be tedious and at many times draining to watch.I liked the cinematography but the beautiful scenes had an overwhelmingly loud background score that drowned out most of the dialogue and made it hard to comprehend what was going on.The movie also had several disjointed scene transitions which in my opinion, because of lack of character development and loud background music, only added to the confusion, making it hard to follow the plot coherently. Overall, a disappointing experience that failed to live up to its hype.
Review 11: As VFX and special effects take over the traditional filmmaking methods, Nolan is among the remaining few directors who still builds grandiose true-to-life sets and reflects cinematic setpieces by filming them instead of digitising them. Oppenheimer is thus a culmination of Nolan's cinematic genius combined with an incredible story that changed the world in more ways than one. It's incredibly intimate and divisive, with the onus of it's justification being put on the audience instead of the narrator.The cast is just as incredible as you would expect it to be, and the screenplay flows naturally, with a breathtaking score that justifiably draws parallels from Hans Zimmer's profound work in Interstellar. Nolan balances the intimacy between the characters while simultaneously juxtaposing it with some of the most impactful scenes ever shown on the big screen. The movie's runtime takes it's time in setting up it's pieces, with the finale leaving you utterly spellbound at the sheer magnitude and scale of the events transpiring right in front of your eyes.Lastly, for those who want their daily dosage of immediate dopamine and faster pacing in the theatre instead of experiencing a meticulously guided journey, you could wait a few more months for yet another copy paste Fast and Furious flick or a Marvel movie laden with green backdrops and fan-service.Because this isn't a film or a flick, this is Cinema.
Review 12: Just came out of the theater and watching Oppenheimer was such a great experience. I know many people will criticize the movie for some historical accuracy absence but I think Christopher Nolan has made this complicated man's story compelling, engaging, and simple to understand. The actors are phenomenal. Apart from the main leads, Robert Downey has probably done one of his finest work. His expressions, timing, delivery... Everything was on par. The cinematography has been crafted beautifully. I adored and enjoyed the whole three hours with ease and delight. This is the first attempt of Christopher Nolan at biographies and I think we should expect more of his work from this genre since it's not only entertaining but also sparks an interest to know history more. I have read the book earlier so I went to watch it with a little bit of knowledge and still enjoyed the film. I wish I could tell Cillian Murphy in person how stunning his screen presence has been throughout. Hopefully, this movie wins the awards like it deserves.
Review 13: This movie is very interesting and very thrilling. Since this movie had no action and was mostly just a documentary and was 3 hours long, I though that it was going to be boring. But, the 3 hours went by very fast and had me at the edge of my seat the whole time. This movie is like no other movie I had ever seen it is very unique and mind blowing. The cinematography is beautiful and the aesthetic of the movie is also beautiful. Anyone who is interested in the history of war and bombs would love this movie but I think anyone would enjoy this movie. Oppenheimer is one of the best movies I have seen this decade.
Review 14: At its core Oppenheimer is a technical masterpiece. The haunting score by Ludwig Göransson is one of the film's most profound highlights. The score acts as its own character in how it builds and arcs throughout the film and peaks during arguably the best moment, the bomb drop. Paired with an aggressive and bold sound design that transports you into the screen, both sound aspects make this film truly remarkable.There are no faults in the incredible acting of the monumental cast in Oppenheimer. Murphy plays Oppenheimer in a way that enables the audience to feel the gravity of his situation and the historical repercussions that follow. However, Robert Downey Jr., who plays Lewis Strauss, is arguably the best the Oppenheimer cast brings. Downey Jr perfectly portrays the slow spiral and eventual downfall of his character.The film shines when it shifts into a more psychological element focusing on Oppenheimer and the impact of his actions and their effect on his person. The scene in the small theatre, when he gives the speech on the success of the bomb, is easily one of the film's most haunting and gut-wrenching moments.I wish there were more moments like that...If the film had followed this psychological approach more closely, engagement levels would have been higher, making the run time feel considerably shorter. However, the third act and its portrayal of Oppenheimer as the political 'scapegoat' is done well; this is when we see the other actors shine.However, Oppenheimer has its flaws. The non-linear timeline, used abundantly by Nolan, sometimes struggles with its fast-paced switching. The overload of characters being interviewed, heavy dialogue and the constant time changes does at the time make it difficult to follow the political aspect of the story. Engagement levels during the first and last acts were low, making the story feel dull and sluggish. As stated before, if the script studied the immense impact of this event on Oppenheimer and his family on a psychological level would have helped the meandering political story flow more smoothly. And yes, the three-hour run time could have definitely been cut by at least 15-30min.To summarise, Oppenheimer is a technical masterpiece. Sound design, soundtrack, cinematography and acting are at the peak of their game. It portrays the political impact that the creation of the atomic bomb had on America and the world. However, its pacing issues, extended run time, and heavy political agenda that steer us away from the effects on Oppenheimer himself provide problems in an otherwise strong film.8.4/10.
Review 15: Nolan is back and delivers a fast paced thrilling biopic that will leave you stunned.the cinematography, sound design, score all exceptional. Every acting performance is perfect with Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey JR standing out. Nolan is experimenting with new styles of surrealist and subjective filmmaking to him which is so incredible to see from such a seasoned writer and director. He's pushing the envelope with Oppenheimer and challenging the audience like never before.Nolan's character study merges a thematically resonant story with a breathtaking soundscape & epic visuals. The IMAX experience for this one is a must.You will need to stay focused because the film moves very quickly with sharp snappy dialogue.
Review 16: The film looks great is brilliantly acted but there's virtually no actual plot, it's constantly jump back and forward and evey couple of minutes there's unfeasibly loud music trying to build up the tension. This is more a jazzed up documentary than a film and at a painful three hours long it does not hold your attention the entre way. It could easily be forty minutes to an hour less in playtime.There were good bits, some great but but on the whole the film is dull and drags. I've seen it once now and have absolutely no desire to ever see it again. I'm baffled by everyone saying what a masterpiece it is. I suppose if you like long panoramic shots with overbearing music it's great but if you want a decent story give it a miss.
Review 17: Overambitieus movie with too many stories to tell that does not manage to tell any of the stories really well because of it. I truly don't understand the high ratings. I was bored to death the last hour with the whole overextended communist drama. Also, the was little character building. Instead the viewer is thrown from scene to scene for the first ninety minutes. The movie doesn't allow you to draw you along further in any scene than surface level which makes many scenes shallow. I felt like sitting through church when I was a little boy. I wanted to leave but I couldn't. I feel mentally raped.
Review 18: Cillian Murphy is exceptional in the lead role (Oscar worthy,I'll say) and he's ably supported by a terrific ensemble cast- great to see James Remar again.The film poses many moralistic questions about the bomb and the repercussions this has on Oppenheimer and this is where the film works best for me especially in the (never seen) moment when it's dropped on Japan, the sound and the nightmarish looks on people's faces are horrific.However, at 3hrs it's tedious, talky and frankly rather boring.The sound is good but visually it didn't need to be made into IMAX.It's better than Tenet and was nice to see it with mum and dad.
Review 19: Christopher Nolan just stamped his foot print into cinema history as an all time great. It is as if each film he's made has just been a building block leading him to conduct this masterpiece. Oppenheimer is Nolan's finest work. Murphy delivers a sublime performance, reaching a threshold very few actors ever will. Next year's Oscar statue can be put into escrow for Cillian. Nolans three hour plutonium dense genius-of-physics, magnum opus does for the atomic bomb what Spielberg did for sharks at the beach. It seems Christopher Nolan has turned in a tour de force that has vaporized the competition. In fact, Scorsese's 'killers of the flower moon' may be the only threat of a rival for best picture. However, that may be the toughest act to follow since Einstein's theory of relativity.

=== Reviews for The Marvels ===
Review 1: Went to see this movie with my 17- and 11-year-old granddaughters. One is a Ms. Marvel fan and the other is now. For me I was hoping for something that children and adults could enjoy. But, no only kids will enjoy this silly mess.I enjoyed the Captain Marvel movie and thought the criticism was not warranted. I also loved Wanda Vision and the introduction of Monica Rambeau and I was hoping for at least a good continuation of her story. I didn't watch Ms. Marvel because I'm not a teen and I knew it wasn't for me; and after watching her parts in this movie I'm glad I stuck to that.All three actresses are good and of course Samuel L in always a pleasure to see, but none of the other characters including the so-called villain were the least bit interesting. Most of the scenes were just downright silly. I hope they continue Monica's story with better writing and I wish Marvel would stop being silly and go back to making movies for adults and kids.
Review 2: Carol Danvers is attempting to save the universe, but her incredible powers become entangled with those of Kamala Khan and Monica Rambeau, they must unite to save the world.Ouch, what can you say, this is surely one of Marvel's lowest points, I honestly don't know who the target audience is, or who this is going to appeal to, young teens only maybe? Anyhow, this was an absolute mess.The writing was clearly problematic, it doesn't gel, it is genuinely all over the place. I do very much wonder if huge sections of this film cut? It can be the only answer, it just doesn't flow at all, and that short run time...Special effects, some were pretty good, some were poor, I just wish there was a greater focus on plot, it just seemed like 100 minutes of CGI, noise and random events.Brie Larson, I'm not sure about you, but to me she looked totally disinterested and bored by the whole thing, what I didn't see, was someone committed to the role. I thought Samuel Jackson was rather good, but again poorly served by the script.It didn't look great from the trailers, and in reality, it's another clunker from Marvel Studios.4/10.
Review 3: By far the worst Marvel movie so far, I am extremely disappointed. After the mess that Thor 4 was, I was hoping that Marvel learned its lesson, but it seems not. I am honestly happy this movie did bad at the box office, that's what you get for ruining such a great character (I loved Cpt. Marvel from the comics).What makes it bad:Action moves way too fast from one scene to anotherNo character improvement or growth by the end of the movieThings just happen with no storytellingNot serious enough, too childish for my tasteToo many goofy moments (singing, really? We've come this low, Marvel?)End scenes that try to set the context for next movies seem forced and unnecessaryI also found two good things eventually:I liked the villain and her story, sympathized with her a bitAt least the movie was not long.These writers should never be hired again.
Review 4: I just want to know who is responsible for MCUs phase 4 and how he or she can still be employedThere are 0(zero) good movies and only 1 or 2 tv shows that are watchable over a total of 20 productions and this is one of the bottom ranked ones. Marvel did a fantastic job over the decade, earned trust of fans besides billions of dollars and they are wasting it like there is no tomorrow.I don't know how a franchise can change so drastically from hero to zero.I have watched every marvel movie out there and this is equally as bad as she-hulk.Story is definitely boring, protagonists are boring, antagonist is boring, action is boring, battles are boring, some scenes are absurd and ridiculous.I have absolutely nothing good to say about this movie. Don't waste your money or your time.Looks like the movie is only made to make money in India.
Review 5: Unfortunately if you haven't got Disney plus and you don't keep to speed with the tv series, then you this movie won't make much sense as it relies on you knowing what's going on in that universe so far, which I'm not up to date with and involves the Miss Marvels characters which haven't been introduced in the movies. Confusing.I had hoped that following Guardians 3 it could've get much worse for the Marvel universe, at least Guardians has Rocket😂It's hard to find any plot to this movie. Carol Danvers (Captain Marvel) does throw a lot of people through the roof but the plot is a quantum entanglement mess. The movie is blissfully short but feels longer as it's so bad and some people walked out of the theatre. I was so pleasantly when it ended.I think it's about to retire the whole Marvel superhero franchise as this phase is going badly.
Review 6: The MCU has absolutely overstayed its welcome. Post Avengers Endgame, these projects have been feeling more and more like content than cinema (except the rare surprises like GOTG 3). Superhero fatigue, they call it and this movie does practically nothing but to amp it up to 11.You watch the trailer, you know what happens. You bet on originality, you end up homeless. There's nothing new for me to say that I haven't already said about any of the other MCU content as of late. It's so generic that I'm confident a year from now, no one would remember this movie even existed. With every new MCU project, the jokes-per-minute ratio keeps getting worse, the villains are a writer's version of a stock photograph (I can't even remember the villain's name in this movie and it hasn't even been a day since I watched it), the CGI is so out there you can almost see the CGI artists' tears on screen, and it's getting more and more difficult to tell each MCU project apart cos they're all just the same.The only few positives I can identify here are actresses Iman Vellani and Brie Larson (Larson, who seems much more relaxed and settled into her superhero boots), and maybe the flashy action sequences. Otherwise, there's nothing here to watch, nothing here to experience and nothing here to enjoy. What a shame.
Review 7: I really enjoyed this movie it better than a lot of the recent superhero movies in that i didn't start gaming halfway through. Sure there's some clunky dialogue in the last 20 minutes but overall I would watch again. I noticed some were moaning about Miss Marvel being juvenile but that's the point of her she's a teenager. My only eye roll came with the Bollywood world but even that wasn't awful it just felt a bit too unbelievable. Don't be put off by the reviews give it a spin and try and go in without prejudging it I nearly didn't and nearly missed an enjoyable couple of hours so grab a bag of popcorn and enjoy the movie.
Review 8: As I say in the title, if you enjoyed the Captain Marvel movie you should enjoy this. It's not "a work of art" but I enjoyed it much more than a lot of the recent Marvel movies - and it is a lot more even than some of the recent ones. It's very character driven.The three main characters are delightful - and I had seen WandaVision and Ms Marvel to understand who Monica Rambeau and Kamala Khan were - but my wife hadn't and seemed to enjoy it too (no explanations of powers required - you could see them).The opening is bit confusing - but it was confusing for the characters too so that makes more sense - and the 3 characters soon settled in as a team. The story was basic but made sense and the "antagonist" was so-so. Nick Fury was a bit low-key so it was really the Marvels' film - which was nice.Seeing Kamala's family again was great too.I definitely enjoyed it - and it will be one of the Marvel films I probably will watch on repeat a lot.Yes, there is a brief part with a species who speak in song - but we have one of the best Star Trek TNG episodes with a species who speak in allegories so?I'm glad I ignored the low ratings because I'd heard the "if you liked Captain Marvel you'll like this" comment from multiple sources that I value and totally agree.
Review 9: This film is somehow way more depressing and worse than Ant Man Quantumania. We honestly thought Eternals was bad, but that was only the beginning. It was only going to go downhill from there.Watching this movie felt like watching a beloved friend in a coma fighting for her life. It was sad, frustrating and ultimately hopeless. So much potential squandered right before our very eyes.Much has been said about the Girl Power aspect of this story, but it doesn't mean jack when the characters are so thinly written. After the big character tension build up between Carol and Monica, with the latter resenting her for not coming back, their fractures mend themselves very quickly. There is no chemistry between the the two at all.The villain is Bland with a capitol B, and highly forgettable.Nick Fury is actually pathetic in this movie. He doesn't at all act like the Fury we know and love. He was more in character in Far From Home when Talos was impersonating him!I don't think I've ever had this much of a bad experience with a film since Cats. And it is telling that there actually features a ludicrous scene involving baby flerkens and the song Memory.What the actual hell, Marvel?The only good thing is that it is mercifully short, and Iman Vellani does seem to be enjoying herself in the role.Once a great studio, brought crumbling down on itself. If I could give it zero stars, I would.
Review 10: So I believe the movie is unfairly treated and that included me as well. The trailers don't do this movie much justice and the marketing was also poor. Watching it on Disney made me realize I missed out on a good movie with lot of fun moments in the theater. Some portions needed work but overall the movie has a fun tone and good character list.So the plot is very simple and not too interesting. But that's a good thing. They just wanted to bring multiple characters with similar powers together. The villains motive at first seem simple but with complex reasoning. I believe this movie would have performed well if given better promos and more emphasis on the characters.
Review 11: This second installment makes the original Captain Marvel look like a cinematic masterpiece... Nothing about this movie works. Although Brie Larson's acting has improved over the years it feels like she doesn't want to be there for this at all. Further, when you break it down, there is really no story at all happening. In fact, the solution to the entire problem is so extremely simple and solvable that you really wonder why there was a conflict in the first place. So much of everything is unexplained and eventually you stop trying to figure it out because you eventually lose all interest . Samuel L Jackson's character , Nick Fury, is hardly even a shell of his former self and is essentially now demoted to comedic relief.The scenes don't really mesh together at all. None of them are really necessary to advancing a plot and all feature the same repeated choreographic battle. The villain lacks any real charisma and is only provided a very brief backstory. Overall she never feels like too much of a threat.There's one part in particular that I think is absolutely a candidate for worst sequence of 2023. Without spoiling it , it is essentially a planet that looks like a cheap rip off of the Wizard of Oz. It just captures all of the problems with this movie into one scene. There's been a lot of less than stellar work from Marvel since endgame, but this is reaching new depths.I'm not even going to get started on the cats scene with the theme song....Please Loki, reset the entire timeline.
Review 12: The Marvels is a cinematic catastrophe. It is a film so bad that it makes previous Marvel films like Eternals and Thor: Love and Thunder look like masterpieces. The film is a complete and utter failure on every level, from its story to its characters to its action.The story of The Marvels is a nonsensical mess. It is a convoluted and confusing plot that is full of holes. The film tries to do too much, and it ends up doing nothing well. The characters are all underdeveloped and unlikable. Carol Danvers is a bland and boring protagonist. Monica Rambeau is a whiny and annoying sidekick. And Kamala Khan is a cringe-inducing caricature of a teenage fangirl.The action in The Marvels is uninspired and generic. There are no memorable fight scenes, and the CGI is often laughable. The film's climax is a particularly embarrassing sequence that is both visually unimpressive and emotionally empty.Overall, The Marvels is a terrible film. It is a soulless and lifeless corporate product that is devoid of any creativity or passion. It is a film that is so bad that it is actually offensive.
Review 13: After the bad reviews, and considering how many bad superhero movies have come out lately, I would have skipped this one if the trailer didn't look like so much fun. Fortunately, the movie fulfills the trailer's promiseIn the movie, three superheroes with related powers find themselves suddenly swapping places with one another. The proves to be a good gimmick for both action and comedy, as the three keep finding themselves in one another's battles. Eventually, they master the situation in order to take down a very angry villain with an unusually sympathetic backstory.The movie leans heavily - and for the most part successfully - into the comedy. A big chunk of this is fueled by the teenage Captain Marvel fangirl Ms. Marvel, who is from a TV series I found too pre-teen-oriented to enjoy. Ms. Marvel's an annoying character but for the most part I found her amusing in this.There's also a funny gag with alien cats.While I enjoyed this movie, I have to admit its a bit of an unfocussed mess. There are a lot of elements just tossed in, like a whole thing with Marvel #3, Monica, dealing with her abandonment issues. These occasional "emotional" moments don't much interest me.Anyway, a lot of people hate this, but if you like the trailer, I'd say chance the movie (I did not take a chance on the last Aquaman movie because unlike The Marvels, the trailer looked just as bad as people said the movie was.Going against the current, I say if you want a bunch of comedy and some fun action then you should watch this one.
Review 14: Marvel movies really have fallen apart haven't they? This is definitely one of the worst Marvels movie I have seen out of all the Marvel movies I had watched. There really isn't too much to say about the movie because "The Marvels" is pretty much like almost every single Marvel movie but the writing, humor, direction, and performances are pretty much all over the place. Director Nia DaCosta has made "Little Woods" which I liked but her direction here is pretty bad and goes all over the place.The special effects are kind of rough on the edges, the actions and thrills were just okay and the performances, despite a pretty good cast, they aren't very good. Brie Larson is an actress I like but unfortunately her performance felt weak and lacking. The other performances as well including the child performances. The story isn't interesting as the writing is pretty bland and none of the characters were interesting. With a short runtime, the movie surprisingly was really boring.I do like superhero movies but it seems this one really just sucked. Overall, it's bad.
Review 15: The Marvels is a solid new entry in the MCU. It's a nice convergence of three different storylines from these three characters. The movie is very fast-paced and flies by. I would even describe some parts as hectic, but in a good way. It never lost me.It has some good action scenes, although nothing that really stands out. The sci-fi candy is delicious. And it made me laugh out loud numerous times, with clever jokes that feel organic rather than forced.The other thing I really enjoyed is a few unique aspects. One involves power entanglement between the characters. And another involves the jump points (the hexagonal wormholes we've seen in other MCU movies).I had a good time with this movie and would watch it again. It's some enjoyable light-hearted entertainment.(2 viewings, opening Thursday IMAX 11/9/2023, 7/19/2024)
Review 16: Once in a while I tend to go to my local theater to check out something new, maybe a new release or a re-run of a movie. Today, I stumbled upon The Marvels, I thought "Hey, I haven't been going to the theater this month that often, maybe I should try this out?" And well, it seems that I'd made the wrong decision. The Marvels follows the titular Marvels trying to stop an evil Kree with one disadvantage however, every time they use their powers, it's Freaky Friday.Maybe its because of the very troubled production but everything just feels like an amalgamation of three separate movies, its like a ADHD experience. The movie does NOT take itself seriously at all, and as a result, it makes me hard to care for literally everything! Its like a circus act masquerading as a movie, it doesn't work! There were moments where characters were in danger and they start joking about it every opportunity they get. To add insult to injury was the treatment of the character of Nick Fury, who feels like a completely different character altogether, cracking lame after lame jokes every single time! Special effects were decent, but considering the massive 271M+ budget I wished they could've at least cared about the plot and flesh out some if the characters and their motivations instead of relying on action scene after action scene, it gets tiring after a while you know?Brie Larson herself looks tired and forced in this movie, her character also being this girl-boss who can sweep through enemies in this movie, no weaknesses and no vulnerabilities. It all feels so one-dimensional, it tries to be like a 80s action star with the likes of Arnold and co. But fails because they lack charisma and charm. Because of this I found it impossible to relate to her in any sense of way. Monica Rambeau wasn't trying her best here, and there is no opposing dynamic between the two to the point where I found her virtually indistinguishable from Mrs. Danvers herself. However I do commend Iman Vellani's Kamala Khan, whose child-like personality I was comfortable with and is the standout between the three leads but suffers from being very underwritten and the villain is a copy-and-paste from dozens we've seen before.Overall, a messy and disjointed movie with not much to offer rather than annoying, dreadful humor and some few flashy action scenes. It certainly feels like homework for the MCU as it struggles to keep a hook in something after the Infinity Saga. Skip this one and play with your action figures instead, Im sure it'll be better than this.
Review 17: When it comes to the character of Captain Marvel, the fan base has always seemed to be so negative. I personally have enjoyed Brie Larson's portrayal of the character and enjoyed the first film for the most part. Hearing that her story was shifting to include two other Marvel heroes as co-leads had me raising an eyebrow, but I'm always open to things changing. My biggest concern about The Marvels before seeing it was the fact that two series' on Disney+ seemed to be a prerequisite first. I've been following the entire franchise from start to finish (including the shows), and I really liked the character of Ms. Marvel, so I found myself excited. I can see how viewers who haven't followed the shows would be turned off though, which is a real problem this franchise is facing at the moment. Let's dive deeper, but also review this film on its own, which I did have a good time with.The Marvels picks up after the events of Captain Marvel, Wandavision, and Ms. Marvel. At a mere hour and 45 minutes, the film jumps right into it. The three of them begin to switch places after being exposed to energy. They quickly have to learn to work as a team to stop a looming threat. The Kree are back, led by Dar Benn (Zawe Ashton), and her motivations are all because of a storyline that feels forced to include Captain Marvel and something she did in the past. This was easily the worst part of the film, as I was completely uninterested in it. Her power stems from a Bengal, which Ms. Marvel has the other half of and that was far more interesting. Sadly, the villain as a whole just felt like a device instead of a fleshed-out character. The villain almost hurt the film a little too much for me, but the trio of actresses here was a joy to watch.Brie Larson, Iman Vellani, and Teyonah Parris are absolutely stellar as a trio working together. Their chemistry was so much fun to watch. It's easily the reason I'm giving the villain storyline a pass and saying I enjoyed the movie. The majority of the movie is about them learning to use their powers together and I couldn't get enough of it honestly. On top of that, the integration of Kamala Khan's family was hilarious and used perfectly. I also enjoyed the subtle, quiet moments where they share heart-to-hearts with one another. Certain conversations between Carol and Monica actually had me tearing up. The subtle touches here and there were very nice. The action is surprisingly fun to watch and the CGI didn't stand out as much as it did to me in the first Captain Marvel film, but yes, the elephant in the room here is that this film isn't accessible to everyone, which is a real shame.This is the part that bothers me to even have to mention, but here we go. From Iron Man to Avengers: Endgame, there was always a plan and it was only a couple of movies a year to follow. I'm someone who chooses to follow everything, even if it's good or bad because I would like to see where everything eventually builds to. I can sense another finale in the coming years, but they are simply making far too many projects for the average viewer to follow. I fear that Avengers movies won't even draw the crowds they used to once they finally come out. This frustrates me because the majority of the projects are still good for the most part. It's just that there's too much and far too many characters. This is coming from someone who likes or loves a lot of the newest characters, so I can only imagine how fans who have fallen off the franchise are feeling. Anyways, we're here to discuss The Marvels.In the end, The Marvels is a solid popcorn flick that I sat back and had a good time with. If the cast didn't work so well together and the humour didn't work for me, I would be calling this a lacklustre movie all around. Nia DaCosta definitely pulled the best performances she could out of these actresses and I commend her for that. I also just have to say that the standout of this film is Iman Vellani. I loved her in Ms. Marvel and she shines again here. She's just so happy to be a part of this franchise and it really shows. There are certain scenes that will annoy viewers, but honestly, I recommend this one to fans of the MCU, unless you're someone who already dislikes any of these characters/actresses. Otherwise, it's not great by any means, but I had a good time and I think others will too.
Review 18: Anyone who heard the news about this project knows that the production was a nightmare, and it shows in the final product here. It's like they couldn't figure out what direction to go, so they made 4 versions, and blended them together. Which would explain the high budget, the 5 delays, and the reshoots. Kamala's character was probably the best part of the movie. I promise you, the script did her no favors, but she stood out. Her acting was in line with her character. This was probably an exciting opportunity for her, and she wasn't going to let a bad script, and production problems stop her from giving a great effort. However, the story, the dialogue, the musical gimmick, the weak villain. It just didn't work. I don't think the blame lies solely with the actors, or even the director, who did lack the experience for helming a movie with a budget this size. I think Disney interfered heavily with the production, which almost always yields bad results. I think it was doomed to fail. They put so much pressure on this being successful, they forgot to make it coherent, unique, or interesting.
Review 19: This is a fun movie, it ties two TV shows into the lore and does a good job of having fun.Does it add anything to the overall Narative, no!Does it highight Ms Marvel as a fun addition, hell yes. Once you get over its not adding anything or revealing any easter eggs, you can enjoy it for what it is.All three main characters deliver on their role, and it improves on captain marvels solo outing. Sit down take any preconceived ideas you have, remove any anticipation of easter eggs and enjoy it for what it is.Has marvel lost its way, yes. Have the glorious days of intertwined writing and on screen narrative been left behind, yes, but as a movie its fun.
Review 20: This movie has serious cult film potential. If you haven't seen Ms Marvel, Captain Marvel and Wandavision, it will make very little sense. If you have seen those, it still won't exactly make a ton of sense. BUT it really doesn't matter. It's the kind of film that just takes it along in the ride with lots of fun little oddities and truly charming performances. Beyond this, the flerkens had me laughing until I cried.The musical scene is kind of bizarre but also entertaining.The earlier fight scenes where they are just starting to swap locations are fun and creative with a little manic energy.The end was fine if not overly compelling but acceptable and the post credits scene was great.It made me want to watch Ms Marvel, which I did and really enjoyed. I would absolutely watch this again in a certain mood unlike many more ponderous marvel movies.
Review 21: Going from the Loki Series Finale this morning to The Marvels this evening was (for lack of a better word) bonkers! The finale was perfect, and a beautiful ending to the show, while The Marvels is a complete mess. It's honestly given me whiplashThe Marvels is just an all-around bad movie. The script is awful and the story is super rushed and poorly executed, which both have an impact on how well the characters (and in-turn the actors) come-across on-screenThe action and humour are kind of alright, and the VFX are definitely better than anything we've seen in an MCU project since Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness (with the obvious exceptions of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3 and Loki Season 2), but that still doesn't exactly make it look greatThis movie is just painful to watch at points! Early on, it has some really fun moments, and felt like it could have actually been somewhat entertaining, but that feeling vanished as soon as it came. It's barley better than Ant-Man And The Wasp: Quantumania, so you can do with that information what you will.

=== Reviews for Dune: Part Two ===
Review 1: Had the pleasure to watch this film in an early screening and was completely blown away."Dune: Part 2" is everything one could ask for from a film of its kind. As a big fan of the Game of Thrones franchise, it's been a long time since iv'e encountered this level of world-building and epicness. The plot and story development are carried out in an awe-inspiring manner throughout the movie, progressing at a precise pace toward a spectacular climax that is executed perfectly.Denis Villeneuve continues to prove himself as one of the most promising filmmakers of our time, and if it was up to me I would keep him in these high-budget epic tales such as these since there are very few directors working today that can tackle this genre as good as he does. The film received praise from many great filmmakers, the most notable being Christopher Nolan (The Dark Knight Trilogy, Oppenheimer), who very accurately compared Villeneuve's achievement in this film to the "Empire Strikes Back" of the modern era.Would highly recommend to re-watch the first movie in order to appreciate the subtleties and foreshadowing better, though it's not completely necessary since the movie is pretty self-contained. More specifically, one of the most prominent and impressive strengths of the movie is how it stands on its own without relying too heavily on the first part. Of course, for those who really want to enjoy the story, there's no real point in watching the second part without having seen the first one. However, even those who watched it a few years ago and don't remember every little plot detail will be able to catch up very quickly while watching the Pt. 2 and will understand all the important details-even the smaller ones. Non-ideally, even someone who hasn't watched the first movie at all will greatly enjoy this one, as it is very self-contained despite relying heavily on the first movie-an impressive and highly commendable screenplay effort by the writers.Timothée Chalamet delivers a very impressive and charismatic performance, to the point where it seems like this is the role he was born to play. Zendaya also gives a very good performance, with significantly more screen time than in the first movie. Austin Butler manages to be terrifying in the role of the villain, Rebecca Ferguson shines in one of the best performances of the year, and Javier Bardem surprises in a role that sometimes provides the comic relief of the movie. In addition to them, the film is filled with top-tier actors and actresses who all perform their roles amazingly.Hans Zimmer's score is masterful just as you'd expect, and one step up from the Oscar winning and Grammy nominated score of Pt. 1. Technical aspects such as VFX, Production Design, Sound, Editing, etc. Are all top notch and awards-worthy. The action sequences are absolutely mind blowing and sent chills down my spine. Denis direction is impeccable, and the story is absolutely fascinating- continuing to develop characters from Pt. 1 even deeper and introduce new incredible and intriguing characters.In my personal opinion, the movie is better than the first part in pretty much every aspect. While the first part was excellent, it mainly served as a setup and positioning of the pieces for the sequel. In "Part 2," the story reaches its climax, with one of the strongest climaxes seen on the big screen in recent decades, befitting the complex work Frank Herbert wrote many years ago.I believe (and surely hope) this movie will be a major player in the next Award Season. Below-the-line wins are pretty much guaranteed as of now, but I hope it will get some love in above-the-line categories such as Direction and even Best Picture, perhaps to break stigmas presented against the Fantasy/Sci-Fi genre in recent years at the Academy. As a big fan of the genre, unless a better competitor will be released later this eligibility period, maybe it's time for a movie like this to triumph once again.While the movie serves as a great wrap-up to the story introduced in Pt. 1, in my opinion it could serve as an even better set-up to a possible masterpiece in "Dune: Messiah", which I really hope will get green-lit soon.Don't miss the opportunity to catch this movie on IMAX, since I believe it's an historic piece of epic-Fantasy/Sci-Fi cinema and a movie that will be remembered as a classic of the genre.Extremely recommended.
Review 2: If you liked or loved the first one, the same will apply for this one. Personally, I loved this one even more and I think general audiences will as well. So I hope it does well at the box office because I need Dune Messiah now. This is everything I love about going to the movies. Also, Hans Zimmer.For book readers, I'd say this one takes more liberties than the first, but they were changes I liked, some for the better even. For the most part, it still hits the main beats from the book with a few things altered. The biggest change being no time jump. Therefore, a certain character doesn't fully appear in the movie contrary to the book. Though, they still use the character in a different way that I liked personally.I know it's early in the year, but you can lock some Oscar nominations for this movie: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Editing, Best Cinematography, Best Score, Best Sound, Best Visual Effects, Best Costume, Best Production Design, Best Makeup, and hopefully Rebecca Ferguson this time for Best Supporting Actress. I guess that's pretty much every category now that I've typed it out lol.
Review 3: This is the kind of movie that is impossible to do justice, just by talking about it! It is the kind of experience you had once.. but you never thought you would get again.. until this movie proves you WRONG!!This movie takes the aspects of the first movie and improves upon them in almost every way possible, already writing itself into the books of greatest sequels of ALL TIME!!Everything in this movie was TOP notch! Dennis Villeneauve proves why he is not only a master of Sci-Fi movies, but just filmmaking in general! This was a demonstration of power, in what you can achieve with filmmaking!I beg you to watch this on the biggest and best screen you can find! This will be an experience that will stick with you forever!I thought the real Blockbuster was dead.. but I was wrong! This is the cinematic experience i craved!Now I am gonna watch this movie again, and maybe again! Then I am gonna read the books!
Review 4: Dune Part 2 is an epic movie; slickly made, and visually stunning.But I had to explain quite a bit to the friends around me who had not read the book, especially the water of life scene and the final battle.The movie had almost a 3 hour run time, but it felt overlong because Villenue focuses too much on spectacle on very little on substance.It is a beautiful movie, but it feels like it has no soul. The emotional connection between Paul and Chani, so vital to the story, is completely lacking and unbelievable. The two main characters are good looking enough but has absolutely zero chemistry on screen.I am certain Zendaya is a fine actress in some things, but she has basically 2 facial expressions here, and the one she uses the most is a scowl directed at Paul. I found her to be the worst part of this movie.The final fight scene is short, choppy, and a mess. It felt anticlimactic and unfulfilling
The Harkonens are basically reduced to bumbling villainy almost cartoonish. The ending was super abrupt, and was so different from the book that it left me wondering what the filmmakers would do if they want to do a sequel.I want to reiterate that this isn't a bad movie. Villenue is great at creating a world that looks living and breathing, but he can't give life to individual characters.It is like he can't see the trees for the forest.
Review 5: Like the first part, the second part is visually stunning, though having read the book twice, I regret to say that unlike the David Lynch version from the eighties, De Villeneuve almost deliberately destresses the mystical/mythical core of the story. This makes for an impressive viewing that somehow left me unsatisfied. In De Villeneuve's hands the story becomes one of political grandstanding which is but part of what the book is about, both in relation to the hidden ways of the Fremen and the nature and mission of Paul and his mother. For example, in the second part those scenes where Paul Atreides becomes the Kwizatz Haderach are rather weak and not very convincing.Having left this essence out of the movies, they become a bit of an emptied out visual experience. A kind of secular, profane Dune. Still nice, but also a bit disappointing.
Review 6: As a sci-fi enthusiast, I approached the latest Dune 2 movie with a sense of anticipation, hoping to be swept away by its grandeur and depth. However, what I encountered left me feeling underwhelmed and disconnected. The film seemed to lack the spark that ignites the imagination, opting instead for a plodding pace that failed to engage me fully.Perhaps it was my own weariness or a misalignment with the source material, but I struggled to find moments worth revisiting after the credits rolled. The supposed "best scenes" seemed to blur together in a haze of monotony, leaving me searching for a standout moment or two to cling to.While I can appreciate the efforts of the filmmakers and the ambition behind bringing such a beloved story to life, I can't help but feel that the overwhelming hype surrounding this adaptation is somewhat unwarranted. Despite its visual spectacle and star-studded cast, Dune 2 left me yearning for a deeper connection and a stronger emotional resonance that simply wasn't present.In the end, while the film may find its audience among die-hard fans of the franchise or those with a particular affinity for its themes, for me, it fell short of the lofty expectations set by its predecessors and failed to leave a lasting impression.
Review 7: A monumental piece of cinema.Paced to perfection, uniquely beautiful, thought-provoking, beyond thrilling, with unbelievable cinematography and flawless worldbuilding. Backed up by the best ensemble performance in a blockbuster since Fellowship of the Ring. An entire production on their A-Game.. it's an incredible technical achievement. Everyone on set was clearly aware they were working on something special. Denis Villeneuve's love for 'Dune' shines through every stunning frame. Part 1 of his adaptation was wonderful, but here he improves on it in every way. It just doesn't get better than this.
Review 8: This was a perfect sequel to Denis' part one. It accomplished all the main plot points of the book while delivering stellar performances and visuals that most films only dream of having. This film will go down as one of the best in sci-fi/fantasy and it deserves all the laurels it will be gifted. Not in the longest time has a franchise, and a singular movie, captivated me in such a way. This story, these characters, this planet, Dune, lives rent-free in my mind. You would be doing yourself a disservice not seeing this film in IMAX, as the soundscapes created and the soundtrack by Hans Zimmer are so immersive you feel like you are a part of every scene. This movie is a masterpiece in storytelling. 10/10.
Review 9: I just got out of an early access showing and it was absolutely incredible. See for yourself in IMAX. The characters, acting, screenplay, world building, storytelling, score, actions sequences, cinematography, and everything in between make for a cinematic masterpiece. Denis Villeneuve provides a masterclass of filmmaking. The casting continuation was perfect all the way through, with great new add-ons. Timothee Chalamet is believable, raw and real as Paul Atriedes. He was flawless as the lead. Zendaya, Rebecca Ferguson, Javier Bardem, and Josh Brolin are fantastic per usual. Stellan Skarsgard and Dave Bautista continue their evil. Austin Butler steals the show as Feyd-Rautha, and Florence Pugh and Christopher Walken are solid fresh casts.Overall, Dune: Part Two is an inspiring, visually stunning sci-fi spectacle and an incredible collision of myth, adventure, and destiny on a galactic scale. It's a fantastic piece of filmmaking, rarely seen in modern day cinema.
Review 10: We have waited many, many years for a movie of this caliber. I'm 59 years old, a female, grandmother and retired - this was THE. BEST. MOVIE I have ever seen. I don't tend to like si-fi movies so I went along with my husband as a favor . The length of this movie wasn't even noticed by us; it wasn't long enough to be honest. We wanted MORE. It ended and we weren't done yet. We know how long it takes for sequels to come along - so who knows if I'll still be on the planet to see it. I hope I am. And I hope they can do it justice. The last time I remember a movie being THIS good: I was in high school in the 80's. DO NOT MISS THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEE THIS MOVIE IN THE THEATRE. CRAZY GOOD.
Review 11: The biggest problem with this movie is one that has crept into Hollywood over the last decade and no-one seems to really acknowledge... the actors mumble their lines in such low tones you have to turn the volume up full blast then when the character yells the audience feels the actor is more powerful then he/she really is but in reality they are boring and wooden. Not to mention your ears fall off when their is a sudden explosion during the mumbling. Gone are the days when actors were given roles based on talent and could actually talk in a normal clear tone, like George Clooney.Overall the movie itself looks amazing and helps people overlook the boring as crap first 2 hours. All the high ratings and reviews on here are fans of the book and fans of visuals but clearly don't go to movies to be entertained. Between the acting of Zendaya, Dave Bautista, Austin Butler and Florence Pugh this movie should pick up a few razzie awards for bad acting, assuming people realise an empty blank look on your face does not involve any acting.It's time critics and social media reviewers took their heads out of their lower back region and stopped blowing up average movies in an attempt to turn them into classics that they clearly are not.
Review 12: Saw an early screening of this film at the Tilton Square Theatre in New Jersey, and I was completely blown away. From the opening scene all the way until the credits I never felt bored, which is impressive for a 2 hour and 45 minute film.I don't want to write too much here, I prefer anyone reading this with the slightest bit of interest in the film to go see it immediately. It doesn't release worldwide until March 1st, so grab tickets and I would highly recommended you see it in IMAX if possible. Almost the entirety of the movie is filmed with IMAX cameras.This movie is an absolute visual spectacle probably going to win a couple Oscar's for sound editing, picture, etc., and the fight scenes are choreographed so fantastically. Like I stated in the beginning, see this film!
Review 13: This movie has the same problems as part one. The editing in this is terrible! Scenes don't connect, they start an assignment or story branch, then immediately cut to another completely new set of tasks and characters with their own motivations and interests. No idea is complete, nothing gets resolved, and the dialogue is horrendous.These movies can only appeal to the fans of the books because the story is too disjointed for any casual to follow. If you haven't read the books you won't understand anything that's happening here. What we have here is a movie that is really pretty. It maxes out in the visuals category. The sound was hit or miss, but the plot, pacing and characters were all bad.Not a masterpiece. Sorry.
Review 14: This second part of the movie sets the tone much in the same way as the first movie. Making the movie feels like cramming alot of story and backdrop in a way too small time frame. Which is logical considering Dune spans several novels with a history of 15.000 years of civilization. Villeneuve however put more focus on aesthetics rather than storytelling, Which makes the movie a bland and confusing thing to watch. The pacing is irregular, at some parts dragging alot and towards the end you get the feeling that it is rapping it up in a unsatisfying speed. Especially for people who are not familiair with the original material, you don't get the sense what the backstories are of the characters and why they made the decisions they made. Cramming a story like Dune in a two part sets of films, is probably not doing the story justice, should have been remade into an tv series to make it really work, therefore the rewatchability of this rendition of Dune is very unlikely.
Review 15: I did enjoy the movie, but I saying it's as good as Dark Knight will be a huge overstatement.Enough good things have already been said about this movie, so I'll just point out the negatives:1. All viallians feel quite weak, bland, and never seem to pose any real threat. Bautista's character is a joke, Baron isn't threatening, and the new villian (being called as good as joker by some people) also feels very generic. The *new abilities* that Paul gets also feel too convenient and easy to get.2. Characters change a lot instantly, Jessica suddenly becomes this completely different character, and same goes with Paul.3. I can see how it may have to be rushed in the movie format, but the pacing could've been better.4. Paul is the prophesied prophet, and... That just happens with no surprises etc. In some ways, I think that was for the better, as it avoids the overdone struggling hero cliche, but I was prepared to feel tense for Paul, but never really felt that there was a reason to feel tense.Overall, it's a solid 8/10, it is a technical masterpiece if you look at cinematography etc., but as a movie overall, it's just another 'good watch' which is well worth its time, and that's completely fine.
